Command 'endvote' in cog Voting is missing help details.
Command 'endvote' in cog Voting is missing usage details.
Command 'create_counter' in cog Counter is missing usage details.
Command 'adopt' in cog Family is missing usage details.
Command 'marry' in cog Family is missing usage details.
Command 'family' in cog Family is missing usage details.
Command 'ticket' in cog TicketSystem is missing usage details.
Command 'cleanup' in cog Cleanup is missing help details.
Command 'cleanup' in cog Cleanup is missing usage details.
Command 'unload_cog' in cog OwnerCommands is missing help details.
Command 'unload_cog' in cog OwnerCommands is missing usage details.
Command 'execute' in cog OwnerCommands is missing help details.
Command 'execute' in cog OwnerCommands is missing usage details.
Command 'tree' in cog OwnerCommands is missing help details.
Command 'tree' in cog OwnerCommands is missing usage details.
Command 'backup' in cog OwnerCommands is missing help details.
Command 'backup' in cog OwnerCommands is missing usage details.
Command 'update' in cog OwnerCommands is missing help details.
Command 'update' in cog OwnerCommands is missing usage details.
Command 'restart' in cog OwnerCommands is missing help details.
Command 'restart' in cog OwnerCommands is missing usage details.
Command 'skip' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'skip' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'queue' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'queue' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'volume' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'volume' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'clear' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'clear' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'join' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'join' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'leave' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'leave' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'play' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'play' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'pause' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'pause' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'resume' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'resume' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'stop' in cog Music is missing help details.
Command 'stop' in cog Music is missing usage details.
Command 'ping' in cog Info is missing usage details.
Command 'info' in cog Info is missing usage details.
Command 'invite' in cog Info is missing usage details.
Command 'stats' in cog Info is missing usage details.
Command 'uptime' in cog Info is missing usage details.
Command 'scrabble' in cog Scrabble is missing usage details.
Command 'monopoly' in cog Monopoly is missing usage details.
Command 'chess' in cog Chess is missing usage details.
Command 'checkers' in cog Checkers is missing usage details.
Command 'sorry' in cog Sorry is missing usage details.
Command 'uno' in cog Uno is missing usage details.
Command 'tictactoe' in cog TicTacToe is missing usage details.
Command 'hangman' in cog Hangman is missing usage details.
Command 'dnd' in cog DND is missing help details.
Command 'dnd' in cog DND is missing usage details.
Command 'random' in cog Random is missing usage details.
Command 'package_info' in cog Python is missing usage details.
Command 'connect_channel' in cog ChannelRelay is missing help details.
Command 'connect_channel' in cog ChannelRelay is missing usage details.
Command 'disconnect_channel' in cog ChannelRelay is missing help details.
Command 'disconnect_channel' in cog ChannelRelay is missing usage details.
Command 'feedback' in cog Feedback is missing help details.
Command 'feedback' in cog Feedback is missing usage details.
Command 'balance' in cog Money is missing usage details.
Command 'daily' in cog Money is missing usage details.
Command 'invest' in cog Money is missing usage details.
Command 'uninvest' in cog Money is missing usage details.
Command 'give' in cog Money is missing usage details.
Command 'gamble' in cog Money is missing usage details.
Command 'jackpot' in cog Money is missing usage details.
Command 'xp' in cog Leveling is missing help details.
Command 'removexp' in cog Leveling is missing help details.
Command 'leaderboard' in cog Leveling is missing help details.
Command 'rexp' in cog Leveling is missing help details.
Command 'lock' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'unlock' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'kick' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'setprefix' in cog Moderation is missing help details.
Command 'setprefix' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'ban' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'unban' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'purge' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'mute' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'unmute' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'user' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'addmod' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'removemod' in cog Moderation is missing usage details.
Command 'set_join_role' in cog Verification is missing usage details.
Command 'set_verify_role' in cog Verification is missing usage details.
Command 'verify' in cog Verification is missing usage details.